it is Wednesday January the 25th 2012
and I'm here in streets Ville is
checking up on I noticed a ambulance are
rushing south on Queen Street and we've
got a tow truck here we're moving the
car
and I'm sorry I don't have my real
digital camera my Sony would point down
now
apparently a one-car get three other
cars or something
we've got this side of fire truck
it's P 108 pill please shooting down to
protect privacy
an ambulance turning around Fire
Department
and he'll police over here so we've got
three police cars
P 108 this side of fire peel ambulance
tow truck
I guess this is where to shoot them
and there's people eesh
and the other one over on this side
no pretty soon open the streets so
these are for all those people who
really like police cars
possibly 2009 2010
not a picture
it's looks a deist car turning off its
signals we've got another guy going here
that's easy
and they whip the roads traffic going
and that's how you do it